backend/core/comprehensive_memory_manager.py
backend/core/comprehensive_memory_manager 4.py
backend/core/security.py
backend/core/data_transformation_pipeline.py
backend/core/comprehensive_memory_manager 5.py
backend/core/integration_registry.py
backend/core/enhanced_pulumi_esc.py
backend/core/clean_esc_config 5.py
backend/core/hierarchical_cache.py
backend/core/secure_environment_validator.py
backend/core/auto_esc_config.py
backend/core/clean_esc_config 4.py
backend/core/contextual_memory_intelligence.py
backend/app/websockets.py
backend/app/security.py
backend/app/main.py
backend/app/fastapi_app.py
backend/app/dependencies.py
backend/app/websocket_manager.py
backend/app/routers/agno_router 4.py
backend/app/routers/chat_router 7.py
backend/app/routers/chat_router 6.py
backend/app/routers/agno_router 5.py
backend/app/routers/api_v1_router.py
backend/app/routers/chat_router 5.py
backend/app/routers/agno_router.py
backend/app/routers/agno_router 6.py
backend/app/routers/chat_router.py
backend/app/routers/chat_router 4.py
backend/app/routes/auth_routes.py
backend/app/routes/operations_routes.py
backend/app/routes/company_routes.py
backend/app/routes/strategy_routes.py
backend/data_connectors/snowflake_connector.py
backend/data_connectors/slack_connector.py
backend/data_connectors/gong_connector.py
backend/data_collection/services.py
backend/app/routes/retool_api_routes.py
backend/config/settings.py
backend/security/security_manager.py
backend/integration/multi_database_integration.py
backend/optimization/service_optimizer.py
backend/agents/admin_agent 4.py
backend/agents/codebase_awareness_agent 6.py
backend/agents/docker_agent.py
backend/agents/knowledge_agent 6.py
backend/agents/admin_agent 5.py
backend/agents/codebase_awareness_agent 7.py
backend/agents/pulumi_agent.py
backend/agents/__init__.py
backend/agents/huggingface_agent.py
backend/agents/iac_manager_agent.py
backend/agents/knowledge_agent.py
backend/agents/brain_agent.py
backend/agents/admin_agent.py
backend/agents/knowledge_agent 5.py
backend/agents/admin_agent 6.py
backend/agents/codebase_awareness_agent 4.py
backend/agents/knowledge_agent 4.py
backend/agents/admin_agent 7.py
backend/agents/codebase_awareness_agent 5.py
backend/agents/codebase_awareness_agent.py
backend/agents/tools/design_tools.py
backend/agents/core/llm_client 7.py
backend/agents/core/agno_mcp_bridge 4.py
backend/agents/core/cursor_mode_optimizer.py
backend/agents/core/enhanced_agent_framework.py
backend/agents/core/llm_client 6.py
backend/agents/core/agno_mcp_bridge 5.py
backend/agents/core/orchestrator 5.py
backend/agents/core/agent_categories.py
backend/agents/core/orchestrator 4.py
backend/agents/core/agno_mcp_bridge.py
backend/agents/core/agent_framework.py
backend/agents/core/llm_client.py
backend/agents/core/orchestrator.py
backend/agents/core/orchestrator 6.py
backend/agents/core/crew_orchestrator.py
backend/agents/core/llm_client 5.py
backend/agents/core/agno_mcp_bridge 6.py
backend/agents/core/persistent_memory.py
backend/agents/core/mcp_crew_orchestrator.py
backend/agents/core/llm_client 4.py
backend/agents/specialized/sentry_agent.py
backend/agents/specialized/crm_sync_agent.py
backend/agents/specialized/agent_implementations.py
backend/pipelines/gong_snowflake_pipeline.py
backend/mcp/agno_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/airbyte_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/linear_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/gong_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/base_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/ai_memory_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/knowledge_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/code_optimization_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/lambda_labs_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/sophia_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/pulumi_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/enhanced_mcp_federation.py
backend/mcp/agno_bridge.py
backend/mcp/repository_context_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/unified_mcp_servers.py
backend/mcp/slack_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/admin_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/apollo_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/claude_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/costar_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/codebase_awareness_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/docker_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/mcp_client.py
backend/mcp/vercel_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/mcp_orchestrator.py
backend/mcp/apify_mcp_server.py
backend/mcp/ai_memory_auto_discovery.py
backend/mcp/tools/gong_tools.py
backend/mcp/tools/crm_tools.py
backend/mcp/tools/vector_tools.py
backend/imports/data_import_api_feeds.py
backend/docs/inline_documentation.py
backend/codebase_awareness/architecture_parsers.py
backend/codebase_awareness/code_ingestion.py
backend/integrations/apify_integration.py
backend/integrations/estuary_flow_integration_updated.py
backend/integrations/enhanced_gong_api_integration.py
backend/integrations/unified_gateway_orchestrator 7.py
backend/integrations/apollo_integration 5.py
backend/integrations/enhanced_agno_integration.py
backend/integrations/huggingface_mcp.py
backend/integrations/vercel_integration.py
backend/integrations/agno_integration.py
backend/integrations/airbyte_integration.py
backend/integrations/kong_ai_gateway.py
backend/integrations/enhanced_integration.py
backend/integrations/enhanced_natural_language_processor.py
backend/integrations/intercom_integration.py
backend/integrations/pulumi_mcp_client.py
backend/integrations/unified_gateway_orchestrator 6.py
backend/integrations/apollo_integration 4.py
backend/integrations/huggingface_integration.py
backend/integrations/linear_integration.py
backend/integrations/sophia_ai_copilot_integration.py
backend/integrations/claude_mcp_integration.py
backend/integrations/portkey_client.py
backend/integrations/enhanced_pulumi_esc.py
backend/integrations/snowflake_integration.py
backend/integrations/llm_gateway.py
backend/integrations/claude_integration.py
backend/integrations/natural_language_processor.py
backend/integrations/apollo_integration.py
backend/integrations/base_integration.py
backend/integrations/openrouter_integration.py
backend/integrations/pulumi_esc.py
backend/integrations/llamaindex_integration.py
backend/integrations/unified_gateway_orchestrator 5.py
backend/integrations/estuary_flow_integration.py
backend/integrations/unified_gateway_orchestrator 4.py
backend/integrations/apollo_integration 6.py
backend/integrations/github_secrets_manager.py
backend/integrations/unified_gateway_orchestrator.py
backend/integrations/airbyte_cloud_integration.py
backend/integrations/lambda_labs_integration.py
backend/integrations/hubspot/hubspot_integration.py
backend/integrations/slack/sophia_slack_bot.py
backend/integrations/slack/slack_integration.py
backend/knowledge/admin_integration.py
backend/knowledge/hybrid_rag_manager.py
backend/knowledge/workflow_manager.py
backend/ai/model_integrations.py
backend/ai/model_router.py
backend/api/webhooks/sentry_webhook 6.py
backend/api/webhooks/sentry_webhook.py
backend/api/webhooks/sentry_webhook 5.py
backend/api/webhooks/sentry_webhook 4.py
backend/monitoring/enhanced_monitoring.py
backend/monitoring/sophia_monitoring.py
backend/monitoring/arize_integration.py
examples/agno_enhanced_gong_agent.py
examples/deploy_production_mcp.py
examples/memory_manager_client.py
examples/gong_mcp_client.py
scripts/set_all_pulumi_secrets.py
scripts/setup_all_secrets_once.py
scripts/simple_provisioner.py
scripts/deploy_complete_system.py
scripts/health_check_mcp_integration.py
scripts/mcp_dashboard.py
scripts/deploy_agno_integration.py
scripts/run_data_workflows.py
scripts/simple_health_check.py
scripts/sync_validated_secrets_to_esc.py
scripts/trigger_github_sync.py
scripts/build_command_center.py
scripts/seed_docker_strategy.py
scripts/health_check_mcp_integration 5.py
scripts/validate_syntax.py
scripts/performance_optimization.py
scripts/start_backend_simple.py
scripts/simple_health_check 5.py
scripts/deploy_production_mcp.py
scripts/simple_health_check 4.py
scripts/explore_sophia_tools.py
scripts/health_check_mcp_integration 4.py
scripts/run_content_strategy.py
scripts/python_syntax_validator.py
scripts/validate_sophia_config.py
scripts/generate_capability_matrix.py
scripts/ingest_codebase.py
scripts/deploy_ceo_dashboard.py
scripts/system_validation.py
scripts/ingest_costar_data.py
scripts/sync_all_github_secrets_to_pulumi.py
scripts/check_imports.py
scripts/test_permanent_solution 4.py
scripts/test_all_github_org_secrets 4.py
scripts/identify_python_issues.py
scripts/seed_foundational_knowledge.py
scripts/test/unified_integration_test 7.py
scripts/test/unified_integration_test 6.py
scripts/test/unified_integration_test 5.py
scripts/test/test_sentry_agent 5.py
scripts/test/test_sentry_agent 4.py
scripts/ci/intelligent_sync 5.py
scripts/ci/intelligent_sync.py
scripts/ci/intelligent_sync 4.py
scripts/ci/register_oidc_issuer.py
scripts/observability/tracing_and_evaluation.py
scripts/dev/validate_infrastructure 6.py
scripts/dev/validate_infrastructure 7.py
scripts/dev/mcp_diagnostic.py
scripts/dev/start_mcp_servers.py
scripts/dev/setup_wizard.py
scripts/dev/validate_infrastructure.py
scripts/dev/validate_infrastructure 4.py
scripts/dev/simple_mcp_check.py
scripts/dev/validate_infrastructure 5.py
lambda/dashboard-generator/dashboard_generator.py
mcp-servers/sophia_business_intelligence/sophia_business_intelligence_mcp_server.py
mcp-servers/snowflake/snowflake_mcp_server.py
mcp-servers/snowflake/mcp_base.py
mcp-servers/sophia_infrastructure/sophia_infrastructure_mcp_server.py
mcp-servers/sophia_data_intelligence/sophia_data_intelligence_mcp_server.py
mcp-servers/sophia_ai_intelligence/sophia_ai_intelligence_mcp_server.py
infrastructure/pulumi_idp_main.py
infrastructure/dev_server.py
infrastructure/snowflake_setup.py
infrastructure/vercel_setup.py
infrastructure/manage_integrations.py
infrastructure/docker_build.py
infrastructure/agno_arize_comprehensive_strategy.py
infrastructure/lambda_labs_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi_esc.py
infrastructure/sophia_automation_api.py
infrastructure/__main__.py
infrastructure/esc/claude_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/llm_gateway_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/get_secret.py
infrastructure/esc/vercel_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/llamaindex_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/github_inventory.py
infrastructure/esc/agno_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/pinecone_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/intercom_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/linear_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/snowflake_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/secret_rotation.py
infrastructure/esc/secret_rotation_framework.py
infrastructure/esc/check_rotation_status.py
infrastructure/esc/huggingface_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/airbyte_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/hubspot_secrets.py
infrastructure/esc/openrouter_secrets.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/gyp_main.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/tags.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_musllinux.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/metadata.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/version.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/__init__.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_parser.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/utils.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/requirements.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_structures.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/markers.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_manylinux.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_tokenizer.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/specifiers.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/packaging/_elffile.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/msvs_emulation.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcode_emulation.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcodeproj_file.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSVersion.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSUtil.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/win_tool.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/__init__.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/flock_tool.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSToolFile.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSNew.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/ninja_syntax.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/common.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSUserFile.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/mac_tool.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/input.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/easy_xml.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSSettings.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/xcode_ninja.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/MSVSProject.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/ninja.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/xcode.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/cmake.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/msvs.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/gypsh.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/analyzer.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/eclipse.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/gypd.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/compile_commands_json.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/android.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/make.py
infrastructure/node_modules/node-gyp/gyp/pylib/gyp/generator/dump_dependency_json.py
infrastructure/pulumi/agno_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/slack_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/llm_gateway_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/github_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/apify_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/huggingface_setup.py
infrastructure/pulumi/airbyte_setup.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/lambda_labs_k8s.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/eks_cluster.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/mcp_servers.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/agno_agent_deployment 5.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/portkey.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/agno_agent_deployment 4.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/lambda_labs_instance_mcp_client.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/openrouter.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/gong.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/docker.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/agno_agent_deployment.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/airbyte.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/pulumi_esc.py
infrastructure/kubernetes/components/portkey_gateway_deployment.py
